# Beginning

I know rust a bit of rust, my rust is rusty. This is the fourth time I've been trying to understand and use rust more permanently than I have been using it. I've learned rust from the start several times and then I do some small thing and then I forget about it. I haven't gotten into the practice of using rust for daily things for my tools et cetera. I recently got the inspiration to buy black hat rust the e-book, and looking at its table of contents with very many topics related to my work in information security, I decided that now would be a good time to actually document. All the little things I learn and relearn all the time which packages to use what sort of feature flags to use. What was that little command that I had to run to get some flamegraphs, or timings of functions and programs and so forth I want to have some stable documented memory of how to do this, and that is this book.

In my book, I mean this online notebook which is titled coredump: `braind` (brain daemon). I'm not going to exactly make this public nor am I going to hide it in secret. I'm just going to put it out there but not put any focus on it or try to advertise it in. Anyway, if you happen to stumble upon this welcome, this is more for my own learning experience, and as a backup brain for when I'm trying to remember certain things about trust this will help me be more authentic and instead of thinking about all the naysayers and all the critics.

So yeah, Black Hat Rust is over 300 pages long. There are 14 chapters on different topics, multiplatform malware analysis, creating your own remote access trojan, how to do phishing with web assembly, shell codes, vulnerabilities, OSINT, and password cracking et cetera.